hi this is Phoebe from Empire office
supplies can I speak to your supply
manager please Earl thanks hi Earl this
is Phoebe from Empire office supplies
I'd like to talk to you about your toner
needs I don't need any toner I'm hearing
what you're saying but at our prices
everyone needs toner not me may I ask
why you don't want to know why you want
to know why I surely do okay I don't
need any toner because I'm gonna kill
myself
um is that because you're out of toner
hey so no toner today
thanks anyway bye bye oh wait wait I
can't just let you hang up just please
talk to me
well I only had one thing to do today
guess I could push it back yeah now why
do you want to kill yourself I've been
working for 10 years now at this
meaningless dead-end job and nobody here
even knows that I exist Chandler I'm
sorry I'm sure that people know you
exist
oh yeah I work in a cubicle surrounded
by people I've been talking to you for
five minutes now about killing myself
and no one's even looked up from their
desk hang on
hey everybody uh are gonna kill myself
I got nothing all right so well let's
just forget about the people at the
office okay there there's gotta be
someone else in your life that's worth
sticking around for
what about what about your family your
friends or maybe a girlfriend Yeah right
oh sorry boyfriend okay I should I
should probably be getting back to my
thing now see you know I'm not finished
yet don't don't you dare hang up on me
the new girls good so which boxes are
mine oh these these are yours right here
okay Oh a coloring book yeah yeah oh you
love that thing you always had it with
you you never went anywhere without
without that coloring book really Wow
looks like I had some trouble staying
inside the lines no oh wow look at this
I can't believe I even fit into this
shirt
um this is yours look I don't know how
that got in there
this isn't my stuff Ross these are your
boxes where are my boxes well the garage
flooded sweetie and it ruined everything
in your boxes I'm sorry just mine I'm
afraid so so what why wasn't Ross's
stuff ruined well I used your boxes to
divert water away from the Porsche
so a Ross's stuff is fine but I have no
memories because you want to keep the
bottom two inches of your car away from
water
there was also leaves and gook and stuff
I can't believe this
screw it I'm happy one